Example embedded (#230)
mlpack/examples: embedded/mlpack_embedded_cmake/README.md

> ## CMake files for mlpack

Reviewer: Do you think it might be worthwhile to write a little bit about buildroot or how you might set up a cross-compilation environment here?  I guess it will be documented elsewhere.

Reviewer: It could also be nice to add a list of the CMake options that can be specified by this basic configuration (like `BOARD_NAME`, that's probably the most important one).

Author: I am planning to add all of that to our documentation
For here, I will just add a usage example in the README

> This is a set of CMakefiles that autodowload all the mlpack dependencies. The
> objective of this example is to provide the minimum configurations that allow
> to build an mlpack application with in the objective of embedded system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains a minimal and simple CMake configuration that
autodownloads all the mlpack dependencies.  This example can be used as a simple
starting point for building an mlpack application that will be compiled to an
embedded system.
```

Totally up to you, just a minor writing cleanup.

> These files contains the necessary cmake files that are required in the
> embedded context, especially the cross compilation step, and to build a
> statically linked binary, you can use these configs to build any mlpack
> application for any platform as long as you modify the configs accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example contains the necessary CMake files that are required in the
embedded context, especially for cross-compilation, and to build a statically
linked binary.  You can use this configuration to build any mlpack
application for any platform, as long as you modify the configuration
accordingly.
```
Only trivial grammatical fixes here

The main CMakeLists.txt assumes that the project name is `main` and that you
have a file that is called `main.cpp` that contains the mlpack C++ code you are
trying to compile. Feel free to modify these the way it suits you.

If you are looking to integrate these CMakeFiles into your project, feel free
to modify them the way you want. The point of these files to provide a simple

> working example and to keep things simple

Reviewer: It feels like this may already be captured by the previous paragraphs.  I think it's not necessary to keep this paragraph, but it doesn't matter much either way.
